Adding Deployment Quickstart (#9985)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/getting-started/prefect-quickstart.md

# Prefect Quickstart

This guide is designed to show you how to deploy a Prefect flow in as few steps as possible. For a more comprehensive introduction to Prefect's core components and how they work together, please follow our [tutorial](/tutorial/index/).

### Step 1: [Install Prefect](/getting-started/installation/)

<div class="terminal">
```bash
pip install -U prefect
```
</div>

### Step 2: Connect to Prefect's API

Sign up for a forever free [Prefect Cloud Account](/cloud/) or, alternatively, host your own [server](/host/) with a subset of Prefect Cloud's features.

1. To sign in with an existing account or register an account, go to [https://app.prefect.cloud/](https://app.prefect.cloud/).
2. [Create a workspace](#create-a-workspace) for your account.
3. Use the `prefect cloud login` Prefect CLI command to log into Prefect Cloud from your environment.

    <div class="terminal">
    ```bash
    prefect cloud login
    ```
    </div>

> ### Step 3: Author a Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Create a flow
```
Anything not in a top level heading is sentence case and Prefect concepts don't get special capitalization, according to the style guide, I believe.

```python
# my_flow.py
import httpx
from prefect import flow, task

@task(retries=2)
def get_repo_info(repo_owner: str, repo_name: str):
    """ Get info about a repo - will retry twice after failing """
    url = f"https://api.github.com/repos/{repo_owner}/{repo_name}"
    api_response = httpx.get(url)
    api_response.raise_for_status()
    repo_info = api_response.json()
    return repo_info

@task
def get_contributors(repo_info: dict):
    contributors_url = repo_info["contributors_url"]
    response = httpx.get(contributors_url)
    response.raise_for_status()
    contributors = response.json()
    return contributors

@flow(name="Repo Info", log_prints=True)  
def repo_info(
    repo_owner: str = "PrefectHQ", repo_name: str = "prefect"
):
    # call our `get_repo_info` task
    repo_info = get_repo_info(repo_owner, repo_name)
    print(f"Stars 🌠 : {repo_info['stargazers_count']}")

    # call our `get_contributors` task, 
    # passing in the upstream result
    contributors = get_contributors(repo_info)
    print(
        f"Number of contributors 👷: {len(contributors)}"
    )

if __name__ == "__main__":
    # Call a flow function for a local flow run!
    repo_info()
```

> ### Step 4: Run your Flow locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Run your flow locally
```

18:21:40.837 | INFO    | Flow run 'fine-gorilla' - Created task run 'get_repo_info-0' for task 'get_repo_info'
18:21:40.838 | INFO    | Flow run 'fine-gorilla' - Executing 'get_repo_info-0' immediately...
18:21:41.468 | INFO    | Task run 'get_repo_info-0' - Finished in state Completed()
18:21:41.477 | INFO    | Flow run 'fine-gorilla' - Stars 🌠 : 12340
18:21:41.606 | INFO    | Flow run 'fine-gorilla' - Created task run 'get_contributors-0' for task 'get_contributors'
18:21:41.607 | INFO    | Flow run 'fine-gorilla' - Executing 'get_contributors-0' immediately...
18:21:42.225 | INFO    | Task run 'get_contributors-0' - Finished in state Completed()
18:21:42.232 | INFO    | Flow run 'fine-gorilla' - Number of contributors 👷: 30
18:21:42.383 | INFO    | Flow run 'fine-gorilla' - Finished in state Completed('All states completed.')
```
</div>

You'll find a link directing you to the flow run page conveniently positioned at the top of your flow logs.
![Alt text](flow-run-diagram.jpg)

> Local flow run execution is great for development and testing, but in order to schedule flow runs or trigger them based on events, you’ll need to [deploy](/tutorial/deployments/) your flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Local flow run execution is great for development and testing. To schedule flow runs or trigger them based on events, you’ll need to [deploy](/tutorial/deployments/) your flows.
```

### Step 5: Deploy the flow

> Deploying your flows is, in essence, the act of informing the Prefect API of where, how, and when to run your flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying your flows informs the Prefect API of where, how, and when to run your flows.
```

!!! warning "Always run `prefect deploy` commands from the **root** level of your repo!"

When you run the `deploy` command, Prefect will automatically detect any flows defined in your repository. Select the one you wish to deploy. Then, follow the 🧙 wizard to name your deployment, add an optional schedule, create a work pool, optionally configure remote flow code storage, and more!

<div class="terminal">
```bash
prefect deploy
```
</div>

!!! note "It's recommended to save the configuration for the deployment."

>     Saving the configuration for your deployment will result in a `prefect.yaml` file populated with your first deployment. You can use this yaml file to edit and [define multiple deployments](/concepts/deployments-ux/) for this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Saving the configuration for your deployment will result in a `prefect.yaml` file populated with your first deployment. You can use this YAML file to edit and [define multiple deployments](/concepts/deployments-ux/) for this repo.
```

> ### Step 5: Start a Worker and Run Deployed Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Start a worker and run deployed flow
```

Start a worker to manage local flow execution. Each worker polls its assigned [work pool](/tutorial/deployments/#why-work-pools-and-workers).

In a new terminal, run:
<div class="terminal">
```bash
prefect worker start --pool '<work-pool-name>'
```
</div>

> Now that your worker is started, you are ready to kick off deployed flow runs from either the UI or by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that your worker is running, you are ready to kick off deployed flow runs from the UI or by running:
```

<div class="terminal">
```bash
prefect deployment run '<flow-name>/<deployment-name>'
```
</div>

> 

Reviewer: Maybe mention that you'll see the output in the UI and terminal.

Congrats on your first successfully deployed flow run! 🎉

> Now you've seen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've seen:
```

- how to define your flows and tasks using decorators
- how to deploy a flow
- how to start a worker

### Next Steps

> - For a more detailed explanation of the concepts introduced above, our [tutorial](/tutorial/index/) is recommended. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a more detailed walk through see the [tutorial](/tutorial/index/). 
```

Reviewer: Maybe a little confusing to talk about going to something other than concepts to learn concepts. :)
